% !TeX program = pdfLaTeX
\documentclass[12pt]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{graphicx,psfrag,epsf}
\usepackage{enumerate}
\usepackage{natbib}
\usepackage{textcomp}
\usepackage[hyphens]{url} % not crucial - just used below for the URL
\usepackage{hyperref}
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}

%\pdfminorversion=4
% NOTE: To produce blinded version, replace "0" with "1" below.
\newcommand{\blind}{0}

% DON'T change margins - should be 1 inch all around.
\addtolength{\oddsidemargin}{-.5in}%
\addtolength{\evensidemargin}{-.5in}%
\addtolength{\textwidth}{1in}%
\addtolength{\textheight}{1.3in}%
\addtolength{\topmargin}{-.8in}%

%% load any required packages here





\begin{document}


\def\spacingset#1{\renewcommand{\baselinestretch}%
{#1}\small\normalsize} \spacingset{1}


%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

\if0\blind
{
  \title{\bf Problem Set 3 R-Markdown}

  \author{
        Author Bruno Guimaraes Ubiali \\
    Department of Anthropology, University of Georgia\\
     and \\     Author Zachary Thomas McDowell \\
    Department of Political Science, University of Georgia\\
      }
  \maketitle
} \fi

\if1\blind
{
  \bigskip
  \bigskip
  \bigskip
  \begin{center}
    {\LARGE\bf Problem Set 3 R-Markdown}
  \end{center}
  \medskip
} \fi

\bigskip
\begin{abstract}
The text of your abstract. 200 or fewer words.
\end{abstract}

\noindent%
{\it Keywords:} 3 to 6 keywords, that do not appear in the title
\vfill

\newpage
\spacingset{1.45} % DON'T change the spacing!

\hypertarget{introduction}{%
\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}}

People's opinions on economic institutions can vary according to the
level of development of their countries of residence. This has
implications for trust in economic policies, which can in turn influence
levels of investment in national and international markets. Based on
this, we hypothesized that people who reside in developed countries have
a higher level of trust in economic institutions than people who reside
in developing countries. This paper aims at testing this hypothesis,
drawing on the World Values Survey (WVS), which takes a global approach
to inquiry people about their cultural values as well as attitudes and
perceptions regarding multilateral institutions, economy, education,
health, among many others (ref). We used specifically the question of
confidence at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), and institution
created in the United States in the 1940s with the main objective of
promoting international financial stability and economic cooperation
(ref). We purposefully selected answers from three countries that
reflect a range of development levels in the Americas: United States,
Mexico, and Chile.

\section{Verifications}
\label{sec:verify}

This section will be just long enough to illustrate what a full page of
text looks like, for margins and spacing.

\citet{Campbell02} \citeauthor{Schubert13}
\citetext{\citeyear{Schubert13}; \citealp{Chi81}}

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. \textbf{With this spacing we
have 30 lines per page.}

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

\bibliographystyle{agsm}
\bibliography{bibliography.bib}

\end{document}
